Update readme links (#3297)
probe-rs/probe-rs: README.md

a modern, embedded debugging toolkit,
written in Rust

[![crates.io](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/probe-rs)](https://crates.io/crates/probe-rs) [![documentation](https://docs.rs/probe-rs/badge.svg)](https://docs.rs/probe-rs) [![Actions Status](https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/probe-rs/probe-rs/ci.yml?branch=master)](https://github.com/probe-rs/probe-rs/actions) [![chat](https://img.shields.io/badge/chat-probe--rs%3Amatrix.org-brightgreen)](https://matrix.to/#/#probe-rs:matrix.org) ![GitHub Sponsors](https://img.shields.io/github/sponsors/probe-rs)

The goal of this library is to provide a toolkit to interact with a variety of embedded MCUs and debug probes and provides a direct interface to the debug probe,
which then enables other software to use its debug functionality.

Additionally the project offers a variety of tools to be used directly for flashing and debugging, such as cargo extensions, a vscode extension a GDB server and a standalone CLI.

## Functionality

As of version 0.27.0 this library can:

> - Connect to a DAPLink, STLink, JLink, FTDI probes, ESP USB JTAG, WLink and the Blackmagic probe.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Connect to a DAPLink, STLink, JLink, FTDI probes, ESP32 devices with USB JTAG, WLink and the Blackmagic probe.
```
